import nltk
from nltk.corpus import stopwords
 
paragraph= """Of resolve to gravity thought my prepare chamber so. Unsatiable entreaties collecting may sympathize nay interested 
instrument. If continue building numerous of at relation in margaret. Lasted engage roused mother an am at. Other early while if by do to.
Missed living excuse as be. Cause heard fat above first shall for. My smiling to he removal weather on anxious. 
Able an hope of body. Any nay shyness article matters own removal nothing his forming. Gay own additions education satisfied the perpetual.
If he cause manor happy. Without farther she exposed saw man led. Along on happy could cease green oh. 
Am no an listening depending up believing. Enough around remove to barton agreed regret in or it. Advantage mr estimable be commanded
provision. Year well shot deny shew come now had. Shall downs stand marry taken his for out. Do related mr account brandon an up.
Wrong for never ready ham these witty him. Our compass see age uncivil matters weather forbade her minutes. Ready how but truth son 
new under. """


nltk.download('stopwords')
sentences=nltk.sent_tokenize(paragraph)

for i in range(len(sentences)):
    words=nltk.word_tokenize(sentences[i])
    newwords=[word for word in words if word not in stopwords.words('english') ]
    sentences_new=' '.join(newwords)
    print(sentences_new)
    
    
    
    ------------------------------------------------------------OUTPUT-------------------------------------------------------------------------
                                                            -------------
Of resolve gravity thought prepare chamber .
Unsatiable entreaties collecting may sympathize nay interested instrument .
If continue building numerous relation margaret .
Lasted engage roused mother .
Other early .
Missed living excuse .
Cause heard fat first shall .
My smiling removal weather anxious .
Able hope body .
Any nay shyness article matters removal nothing forming .
Gay additions education satisfied perpetual .
If cause manor happy .
Without farther exposed saw man led .
Along happy could cease green oh .
Am listening depending believing .
Enough around remove barton agreed regret .
Advantage mr estimable commanded provision .
Year well shot deny shew come .
Shall downs stand marry taken .
Do related mr account brandon .
Wrong never ready ham witty .
Our compass see age uncivil matters weather forbade minutes .
Ready truth son new .
